Updated mesheryctl command for applying WASM Filter (#11197)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/concepts/architectural/catalog.md

* View design file:  `mesheryctl design view [design name | ID]`
* List all designs: `mesheryctl design list`

> 5. [Importing](https://docs.meshery.io/reference/mesheryctl#cloud-native-pattern-configuration-and-management) an application. `mesheryctl design import -f [file-path]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. [Importing](https://docs.meshery.io/reference/mesheryctl#cloud-native-pattern-configuration-and-management) a design. `mesheryctl design import -f [file-path] -s [manifest | compose | helm]`
```

Reviewer: @Aviral0702 Please change this accordingly.
